More updates/improvements (#1881)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/core/array-methods/how-to-merge-two-arrays.md

---
## Content

> One approach we can use to merge two arrays in JavaScript, is to loop through one array adding each of its elements to the other array:

Author: ```suggestion
One approach that we can use to merge two arrays in JavaScript, is to loop through the first array and add each of its elements to the second array:
```

```js
let array1 = [1, 2, 3];
let array2 = [4, 5, 6];

for (let item1 of array1) {
  array2.push(item1);

> }

Reviewer: modified the code so that the array1 is going to be [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]
```suggestion
for (let item of array2) {
  array1.push(item);
}
```

console.log(array2);
// 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
```

We can also use the spread operator, i.e. `...`, to do the same with less code:

```js
let array1 = [1, 2, 3];
let array2 = [4, 5, 6];

> array2.push(...array1);

Author: ```suggestion
array1.push(...array2);
```

console.log(array2);
// 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
```

Arrays also have a method that can be used to merge them:

```js
let array1 = [1, 2, 3];
let array2 = [4, 5, 6];
let array3 = array1.concat(array2);
```

> The notable difference when using `concat` is that it, instead of merging one array into another, it generates a new array out of the two merged arrays.

Author: ```suggestion
The notable difference when using `concat` is that, instead of merging one array into another, it generates a new array out of the two merged arrays.
```

> Note that, unlike other languages, JavaScript does not support `+` for concatenating arrays. The output of such an operation would be a string:

Author: ```suggestion
Note that, unlike other languages, JavaScript does not support using `+` to concatenate arrays. The output of such an operation would be a string:
```

Modify `array1` such that it contains `array2`'s contents in order.

```javascript
let array1 = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
let array2 = ['d', 'e', 'f'];

array1.???(???array2)
```

* `push`
* `...`
* `merge`
* `+`

> * `concat`

Reviewer: backticks don't make any difference when displayed in the app. see photo

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19802557/77750232-57577a00-701b-11ea-945b-60af6dbb947f.png)

```suggestion
* push
* ...
* merge
* +
* concat
```

---
## Revision

What is the value of `a` at the end of the following snippet?

```javascript
let a = [3, 1, 4]
let b = [2, 7, 1]
a.concat(b);

console.log(a);
```

???

* `[3,1,4]`
* `[3, 1, 4, 2, 7, 1]`
* `[[3, 1, 4], [2, 7, 1]]`

> * `2, 7, 1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [3, 1, 4]
* [3, 1, 4, 2, 7, 1]
* [[3, 1, 4], [2, 7, 1]]
* 2, 7, 1
```
